Welcome back to Gary's Economics.
Today,
we are going to do a channel update.
Okay, so
we're filming this beginning of April,
and the last month
has been absolutely mental for me
for the channel.
I feel like I've done just about
every single podcast in the world.
I’ve been in
just about every newspaper in the country.
The channel has grown
unbelievably quickly,
like every single channel YouTube,
Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, TikTok.
And it's mainly
because of the book publicity.
And the first thing to say is that
the book was number one.
Most of you probably have seen the post
I did on various channels.
The book came out number one,
beginning of March,
biggest number
one of the year, massive, nearly twice.
Number two,
we stayed number one for two weeks,
which is amazing.
It's really hard to stay number one
because all of your preorders
count to your first week.
So when you're competing
with like other week one books,
they have a massive advantage.
So it was crazy that we stayed number one,
we've been in the top
three for four weeks now,
just been beaten by new releases,
basically.
I don't know what to say to be honest.
The book is a Sunday Times
number one best selling book.
And that's something that
I would be able to take to my grave
and tell my grandkids about
if I ever have any.
And that is basically
thanks to you guys who bought the book,
basically, we got the preorder numbers
in like a couple of weeks before
and the preorders were massive
and like, that would have been enough
basically to be number one by itself. So,
yeah, just I don't want to
say really a massive thank you to
everybody who bought the book.
It's because of you
that the book is number one.
And that's been amazing for me.
It's like a great source of pride for me,
so thank you.
It's also just given us unbelievable
growth of the channel like the YouTube.
We only hit a hundred thousand
YouTube subs
just over a maybe a month ago.
Six weeks ago.
At the moment we're at 173 (thousand)
and it's still growing really quickly
and the insta is through 100,000.
We got mentioned
in the House of Commons
an SNP MP mentioned
the work in the House of Commons.
We had the the deputy head of the Green
Party tweeting about it yesterday.
And so, you know, we’re
getting recognized by politicians
recognized all over the world.
I'm getting
recognized in the street
about ten times a day.
I've been touring across the country
I've been to
Bath, Bristol, Manchester, Liverpool.
I went up to Dublin and we've been
filling up big rooms in all those places.
And it's just been it's been amazing.
It's been overwhelming.
I don’t really know what to say
it's been mad, but yeah,
thank you for everyone who bought
the book who promoted the book,
who bought the audio book.
You know, I hope you like my accent,
those who bought the audiobook.
Yeah, everyone who's been following
the channel for years.
And I hope you guys are enjoying,
you know, the growth
in the message and the growth
and the understanding of these ideas as...
I was going to say as much as I am.
But to be honest,
I've been so unbelievably busy the last
month or six weeks,
I haven't really had much time to stop and
take it all in.
I've just been unbelievably busy doing
so much media,
you know, just
newspapers, radio channels, podcasts.
And the book has also been released
in the USA,
Australia, Ireland, Germany, Netherlands,
and I've been doing publicity
for those countries as well.
So you might have just seen the UK
publicity.
If you watch from the UK,
but I’ve also been doing
all this international publicity as well.
I should thank a few people
like obviously you read the book,
but behind the scenes
there's like a whole team.
At Allen Lane
which is the in-print of Penguin
that published the book, there’s
my editors, there's a publicity team,
there's a marketing team,
there's a sales team.
They put out work in, and
also like the
the people who work at bookshops
and I've been getting sent photos
from across the country
of like window displays in bookshops.
And it's not like, for example,
it doesn't come down from like Waterstones
head office,
like put Gary's book in the window.
It's the individual staff at the stores
who decide what goes in the window.
So, yeah,
just thank everyone who has helped.
All of the guys who work at bookshops,
all the independent bookshops.
All the guys at Waterstones.
I've seen so many massive displays.
Foyles here in London.
On Tottenham Court Road
had a massive window display.
So, you know, it's not just me.
There's a whole team of people
that work towards
getting this book out and getting,
you know, all the publicity
we have that’s down to the publicity team
at Penguin who've been amazing.
So, yeah, thank you to everyone
the guys at Penguin, the guys
at bookshops, but most of all you guys
for buying the book becaus
that's what gets the book to number one.
And yeah, the people
who've been supporting the message
from the beginning,
I just want to say I've been so busy
with book stuff the last week,
the last month it's been quite difficult
to do the YouTube
I’ve just been working so hard.
But we’re getting it done.
We're going to keep getting videos out
every week on economics.
I just wanna encourage you.
You know,
the book is part of the political project.
Like I love the book.
I think the book is really good.
I put my heart and soul into it,
but it's part of a bigger picture project
and I'm hoping
you guys are seeing the growth in the channels and you’re realizing that, you know
that is going to help us grow the voice.
Yeah so I hope you enjoy.
Those you read the real book,
the physical book, the audio book, hope
you enjoyed that and keep sharing it.
I brought some random stuff to show you
because you guys would have only seen
the English book but
I've got all the different versions here.
So I thought I’d show you them
because I get sent them in the post.
This is the UK version, which if you
watching in the UK, is the one you bought.
We've
also had this one come out in the States.
Also, this is Crown is the imprint
which is part of Penguin as well
that's out there in the States.
This is the Dutch version,
Spelen Met Geld.
I think its doing well there.
We got some great press in the Dutch, I’ve
been swearing in far too much of my press
and there’s a massive Dutch.
I've got the Dutch newspaper
which is like something in Dutch.
The only word you can read is ‘fucking’,
which is typical of my press.
This is the German version. Very intense.
I've even got, this is a special American
this is like an advance proof you get
this is the never got published
this one maybe I’ll like
do some sort of give this to somebody
on the channel somehow
but yeah I don't know what to say.
It's been mad it's really helped the
growth of the channel thanks to everyone
who's bought it
and supported it and people who’ve been
following on the channel from day one.
All of the guys
who retweet my stuff on Twitter.
All of the guys who share everything.
Yeah, it's
really building up
the political project
and it's making me sort of realize
that if we keep going and maybe
we can start to change things.
But yeah, there's a long way to go.
Hopefully we'll get a film or TV series
made out of it. I'm
not allowed to talk too much about that,
but we've got a deal in progress.
But look, we
do it for a reason.
We do it because, you know,
because
we don't want the economy to collapse.
And we've got to try and stop it
from collapsing.
So, yeah, keep following, keep sharing
and yeah, just like,
just well done to us, to you for everyone
who's been following for a long time
and thanks for your support.
And yeah, we'll keep going.
I might take a holiday at some point.
We'll keep going. Thank you.